so I'm going to do a tortilla okay a
tortilla basically is like in England
we'll call it like a thick omelette or
in Italy
it's a frittata so basically you can put
in whatever you like okay I'm gonna keep
it vegetarian in a tortilla
I'm putting spinach red peppers capers
rosemary Q cooked potatoes and garlic
whilst I'll be whisking some eggs and
seasoning to bring it all together and
to finish a tortilla off I'm gonna crack
some quail eggs on top first I'm getting
normally old pepper now I've got a
lovely little trick gun on this by
blistering it up whether you put on a
naked flame on the oven or you buy one
of these things you get a really nice
smoky caramelized flavor and you know
with a lot of vegetables Duff you want
to bring the natural sugars out
all the bird skin comes off mr. slick
would have nothing playing ball right
now when you're using a blowtorch don't
put on a hot surface or near a naked
flame because it will explode and you
won't have a kitchen they're lovely now
pop it into a bowl and then cling film
it up it's easier to pull the skin off
after right so there you go
next thing Spanish onions I want them to
be a nice character in now I want us to
be involved Rudy's a good one they're
making a prayer I'll just put four
lovely cloves of garlic in there right
nice and chunky taters we're gonna sweat
it down for a bit little bit of rosemary
sitov olive oil now put your old onions
garlic and rosemary in give it a little
toss you just leave that sweat down now
the mix now get something okay so eggs
I'm going in with a eggs whisk it up
make sure you season it well now there
you go that's what's gonna bring all
these flavors together okay
barely ways mix there now potatoes get
them in papers
back to the old pepper here we go
now let see that you just take that off
now look so that smells sweet so just
know just rubbing off you don't put it
under the tap because you're gonna wash
off all that lovely flavor that's fine
like that
just cut it as is as you would normally
nice and you get that in a pen who said
vegetarian foods are rubbish a look at
that lovely spinach it does wilt down so
you need to get a big old hand for that
just leave that on there for a second
and I will just will in a little bit of
butter delicious
right now we're going to go into the
eggs so just pop it all around like that
now I'm just gonna let it settle there
for a minute
so look here that already it started to
set around the edges okay so no one fed
y'all quail eggs on there now it's just
a little crack because they're very
delicate these eight just so you've got
that nice little fried egg effect on top
if you can't get older quail eggs just
use like medium sized normal hen eggs
lovely amigo two hundred six or ten
minutes then you've got a lovely
tortilla nice
you